.TH INITBOARD 3 "August 2024" "TicTacToe Library" "Function Reference"

.SH NAME
initBoard \- initialize the Tic-Tac-Toe board

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <TicTacToe.h>
.BI "int initBoard(t_board *board, int grid);"
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B initBoard
function initializes a Tic-Tac-Toe board with a specified grid size. It allocates memory for the board's matrix based on the grid size and stores the grid size in the 
.I board
structure.

.PP
The grid size must be between 3 and 
.B MAX_GRID_SIZE.
If the grid size is outside this range, the function will set the 
.I _matrix
pointer to 
.B NULL
and return 
.B FALSE.

.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.I board
A pointer to a 
.B t_board
structure where the board information will be stored.

.TP
.I grid
An integer specifying the desired size of the grid. It must be between 3 and 
.B MAX_GRID_SIZE.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.B initBoard
returns
.B TRUE
if the board was successfully initialized.

.PP
If the grid size is invalid, the function returns 
.B FALSE
and sets the 
.I _matrix
pointer in the 
.B t_board
structure to 
.B NULL.

.PP
If the memory allocation fails, the function returns 
.B BOARD_ERROR
and frees any allocated memory.

.SH ERRORS
The following error codes are defined for 
.B initBoard:
.TP
.B FALSE
The grid size is invalid, or the memory allocation failed.

.TP
.B BOARD_ERROR
Memory allocation for the matrix or its elements failed.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR free (3),
.BR calloc (3),
.BR t_board (3)

.SH AUTHOR
metavenoma <veronauan@gmail.com>
