.\" Manpage for Game
.\" Format: groff -man -Tascii Game.1
.TH GAME 1 "August 2024" "1.0" "Game"
.SH NAME
Game \- Functions for running the Tic-Tac-Toe game
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include "Game.h"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBGame\fR module manages the overall game flow, including running the game loop, handling player actions, and determining game outcomes.

.PP
This module uses the \fBBoard\fR functions to interact with the game board and controls the game loop and player interactions.

.SH FUNCTIONS
.TP
.B void runGame(void)
.br
Starts and runs the game. Initializes the game board, prints the initial state, and enters the game loop. Exits when the game is over.

.TP
.B int isMovePossible(int **board, int x, int y)
.br
Checks if a move is possible at the given coordinates \fIx\fR and \fIy\fR. Returns \fBTRUE\fR if the position is empty and \fBFALSE\fR otherwise.

.TP
.B void placeMove(int **board, int x, int y, int player)
.br
Places the move for the specified \fBplayer\fR at coordinates \fIx\fR and \fIy\fR.

.TP
.B void clearInputBuffer(void)
.br
Clears the input buffer to handle user input correctly.

.TP
.B int playerAction(int **board)
.br
Handles the player’s move by reading input and updating the board. Manages player turns and checks the game state after each move.

.TP
.B void gameLoop(int **board)
.br
The main game loop that continuously prompts the current player for their move, updates the board, and checks the game state until the game ends.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B Game.h
Header file containing function prototypes and constants for game management.
.TP
.B Game.c
Source file implementing the game management functions.

.SH SEE ALSO
.B Board(1)
